## README
PyDiet is a prototype dietary planning system with a focus on generality. The following work presents a software solution capable of designing general meal plans which approach an optimal match of nutritional characteristics submitted by the user. A thorough review of existing literature indicates the absence of a software solution to this general problem. Existing solutions tend to address particular forms of the problem in specific contexts, for example, optimising culturally typical diets in response to specific medical conditions. Conversely, we focus on developing a model with sufficient flexibility to be described as \textit{general}, and we pair it with a specifically designed optimisation algorithm for working within the proposed prototype system. The resulting software tool can express arbitrary nutritional content; economic characteristics; binary food-type classifications (e.g. vegetarian); and, because of the optimisation framework, can capture goals for any number of meals; meal composition (combinations of recipes for a given meal at a particular time);  a maximum economic cost per meal; and nutritional content within each meal. We perform an informed design, making our platform easy-to-use to end-users and quite flexible for meeting their different needs. Finally, we describe algorithm tuning for our ten specific test problems containing varied nutritional goals. Results confirm the suitability of the proposed prototype for addressing the general meal optimisation problem.

## Important
The following software is a research prototype, and features numerous design decisions not well suited to production software. Future iterations will to improve the architecture substantially, with a view to creating an API better suited to production use.